# The SigNote Specification (draft-00)

This document outlines *SigNote: Signed Notes for Reserve Currencies*. A SigNote refers to digital data that comes from and is signed in trust by a government's central reserve. SigNotes could be used as the digital equivalent to Reserve Currency Bank Notes if adopted by a government's central reserve. Like paper banknotes, all SigNotes are owned by a government's central reserve and can be thought of as legal tender. Unlike paper banknotes, each SigNote contains cryptographic information to identify each entity that interacted with the note. Whereas most paper bank notes are legal tender for the life of the note, SigNotes are only valid for a set amount of time. This provides incentive for those in possession to return time-spent SigNotes to an agent of a government's central reserve where new SigNotes will be issued and the agent can assess the lifetime of the note. Much akin to paper banknotes, SigNotes can be sent from "hand-to-hand" and as such, network connectivity is not required to make payments with SigNotes. Lastly, Double spend attacks are prevented by means of a legal framework aided by the cryptographic information contained within each note and the time limitation of each note. Any double-spent SigNote would be returned more than once to an agent of a government's central reserve when reclaimed. By comparing the difference between similar notes, the rogue entity who double-spent and forked the note would become immediately apparent. Since cryptographic identities must be signed by a government's central reserve and therefore be accountable to a government's central reserve, any such rouge entity could be criminally sentenced under the current legal framework of most governments for banknote fraud.

Copyright © MMXVIII kristopher tate. All Rights Reserved.

Without permission, anyone may use, reproduce or distribute any material in this document for non-commercial and educational use (i.e., other than for a fee or for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited.

**DISCLAIMER**: This SigNote Specification is for information purposes only. kristopher tate does not guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this document and as such, it is provided “as is”. kristopher tate does not make and expressly disclaim all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or noninfringement; (ii) that the contents of this document are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. kristopher tate shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this document or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will kristopher tate be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this document or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.
